# Task 3:
taskk: Search the internet for sites that discuss the use of direct methods for the approximate solution of linear systems of systems of equations. Note that direct methods include factorization methods and the standard Gaussian eliimination with back substitution. Find at least a couple of sites where limitations of direct methods are discussed. As usual, cite your sites. 
# Proof
[link](http://www-users.math.umn.edu/~olver/num_/lng.pdf) mentions that gaussian elimintation and LU Factorization fail for any matrix that is not regular or that doesn't have a set of independant rows. This can be adapted for by adopting a pivoting strategy like partial or scaled partial pivoting they only go into. The article goes on futher to dexcribe the ill condiition that afflicts the hilbert matrix. The author goes on to describe the "almost singular ness" of the hilber matrix and points out that the larger the hilbert matrix gets the closer to being singular it gets. [link](https://www5.in.tum.de/lehre/vorlesungen/konkr_math/WS_12_13/vorl/NumPro_WS1213_Vorlesung_Kapitel_4.pdf) describes a case when a direct method is used, the Radiosicty method in computer graphics, though it does not detail why the direct method is prefered over interative methods. [link](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~newton/Classes/EE219fa98/ee219a2_2/ee219a2_2.pdf) details the disadvantages of direct method, difficulty dealing with exceptionally large systems, the large O(n^3) complexity and the large space complexity, the article goes on to detail a number of stationary algorithms for computing the solution to the system. 
